hi everyone I'm going to do a quick call
video of what I picked up on blitzie
calm and i'll post the link below i've
been loving watching everyone's videos
on getting the color shines and it's
just you know I really liked all the
colors but i would have to take several
trips to michael's to get that price on
every single color shine so it was nice
to see that they all came available on
blitz ecomme so i went ahead and picked
some things up now the first things i
picked up oh and they just restocked
they were sold out the very first day on
blitz ecomme but they restocked on all
of these so that's why i'm going ahead
and showing them to you so there's these
words right here called the artisan
words from pink Paisley and it has
explore travel relax discover so all of
these you can spray the color shines on
by heidi swapp and it colors them
beautifully i love these arrows for
project life so I can't wait to use
those then i bought the butterflies and
so it has the words the script on them
those are all the butterflies and then i
also got the heart now on the website
they also have the stars available and
then some other tab dividers and things
like that then the rest is all color
shines so I hadn't bought any color
shines because I have all those Lindy
stamp game products but I really love
the vibrancy of these colors so I went
ahead and picked them up because I've
been seeing everybody's haul videos and
they are such a good price on blimpy
that I just went ahead and got him and
it was nice to be able to just get all
the colors all at once so it was sweet
cherry and mint green there were only
two colors i didn't get one was like a
peach the georgia peach because i
already have a bottle that's really
similar and it's already in a spray
bottle similar to this from
Lindy stamp game so I went ahead and did
not buy the peach or the black because I
have a black and I rarely ever use that
but i love the vibrancy of these colors
so this is the mint green and the sweet
cherry and then sorry for all the bags
and boxes here this is the mustard and
the teal I really love the teal and you
can see the glimmer in the bottom of
these this one is the Primrose such a
pretty vibrant pink see this is the
amethyst and then this one is the
chartreuse so it's a darker green oops
as I knock them all over now and then
this is bronzer and tinsel this was my
favorite i love that platinum look of
the tinsel so i finally got to stock up
on color shines they have all of them
available right now on blitz ecomme they
have completely restocked so if you've
been looking to get the color shines at
a great price and you want to get all of
them at once all at a good price they
are available right now or if you don't
live near michaels this is a great way
to go ahead and get the heidi swapp
products at a discount so i hope some of
you get to steal the same deal have a
great night